Elegance Colors is a chameleon theme for Gnome Shell. It can change colors according to the current GTK theme, current wallpaper (uses imagemagick to get color) or a user defined color. Also various other aspects of the theme are customizable.

---

Installation Instructions:

Ubuntu users can install Elegance Colors from our themes PPA using the following commands,

sudo add-apt-repository ppa:satyajit-happy/themes
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install gnome-shell-theme-elegance-colors

If you don't use Ubuntu, you need to compile from source. This is needed for the GUI.

Don't worry, it is easy and straight forward.

You need to install the build-dependencies first (package names may vary depending on your distro),

glib2-devel gtk3-devel vala

Extract the archive, navigate to the directory and type the following commands in a terminal,

make
sudo make install

To derive color from wallpaper, you need to install ImageMagick

Also install the User Theme Extension for Gnome Shell https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/19/user-themes/

After installation, run "elegance-colors" from the terminal to start the process. The process will run in the background, so you won't see any outputs. It will also make a theme basing upon the template and default configuration. If you want to see the outputs, run "elegance-colors start" instead. Run "elegance-colors stop" to stop the running process.

To set the theme, run the following commands,

gsettings set org.gnome.shell.extensions.user-theme name "elegance-colors"

You can launch the GUI from the menu which lets you customise various aspects of the the theme.

The background process detects changes and reloads the theme accordingly. If you have turned off the background process, you have to run "elegance-colors apply" to apply the changes manually.

To export your customized theme, run "elegance-colors export 'Name'", where 'Name' is the new name of the theme.

---

Troubleshooting:

If you have installed the user-theme extension from the extensions.gnome.org website, you might need to run the following command before elegance-colors can work,

elegance-colors fix

To view any error messages produced, stop the background process first and then run the process in Terminal,

elegance-colors stop
elegance-colors start 

---

Credits: Thanks to Alin Andrei http://www.webupd8.org and Brian Bentsen http://bimsebasse.deviantart.com/ for their valuable suggestions and testing.

---

License: GPL-3.0+
